docs: branch review GA updates (#5505)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/cloud/branch-review.mdx

### View Options

> "Overview" is the default view of the **Branches** tab for projects with linked GitHub repositories via our GitHub integration.

Reviewer: * not just projects with GH integration – for all projects now
* I'd say default view "for a branch"

:::note

1. Callouts for the latest available Branch Review or a call to action to create a Pull Request in order to compare test run results.

2. Click "Review changes" for the full Branch Review.

3. Click any test status to reveal those changes.

4. Latest runs of the current branch for contextual guidance on the state of its test runs.

:::

<DocsImage
  src="/img/guides/cloud/branch-review/views3.png"
  alt="Displaying different views for branches"
/>

> "Review" will lead to the latest available Branch Review.

Reviewer 2: @pstakoun @jaffrepaul  thoughts on expanding this a bit?

```suggestion
"Review" provides the detailed Branch Review insights for the branch's available pull requests, with the latest pull request selected by default.
```

> "Runs" provides a list filtered by the selected branch for projects without linked repositories or those with an unknown branch. An unkown branch is one in which Cypress does not have access to the local `.git` directory and cannot determine a branch for a run.

Reviewer: Runs provides a list of all runs on the current branch (in all cases). Nothing to do with linking repos or unknown branches.

> "Runs" provides a list filtered by the selected branch for projects without linked repositories or those with an unknown branch. An unkown branch is one in which Cypress does not have access to the local `.git` directory and cannot determine a branch for a run.

Reviewer 2: Yeah maybe something as simple as this would work:

```suggestion
"Runs" provides a list of all runs that are attributed to the branch.
```

When on the review screen, you will see the Failures, Flaky, Pending, Added, and Modified tabs. Each tab will show you the specs that fall into that category. You can click on a test to view the test details.

:::info

> If a branch PR is missing a CI run, you may also find helpful banners indicating the status and how it can be rectified.

Reviewer: Docs should do the heavy lifting around "how to rectify". We should communicate that if a run is missing on either the merge base or feature commit of the PR, then the banner will specify which commit is missing the run and link out to it. Recording exactly one run for every commit is the best/only way to ensure complete and accurate comparisons.
